Avalanche VS-Battle

Due to the large number of configurable settings in Avalanche VS-Battle Mode, and the lack of sufficient screen space to explain them in-game, they will be explained below.

"Ojama" refers to the garbage blocks dropped from the top of the field.

Page 1:
These are the standard speed settings, identical to VS-Battle Mode.

Page 2:
COUNTER: When ON, ojama you send will cancel out any ojama you may have waiting to be dropped, with any remainder sent to your rival. With FEVER, you can counter part of your ojama to stall the rest for another turn before it drops.
MAX ATTACK: The maximum number of ojama that can drop in one turn.
COLORS: The number of colors that will appear.
MIN CHAIN: Chain hits smaller than the setting will not send any ojama. For example, if MIN CHAIN is set to 3, and you perform a 4 chain, the first 2 hits will be ignored, but the 3rd and 4th hits will send ojama.
OJAMA RATE: The smaller this number, the more ojama you send.
HURRYUP: When set to X seconds, after every X seconds without a winner, the OJAMA RATE is halved for the rest of the battle.
X COLUMN:
	3 ONLY: You lose if the 3rd column from the left fills to the top.
	3 AND 4: You lose if either the 3rd or the 4th column from the left fills to the top.
X SHOW: When ON, two red X's appear at the tops of the columns which trigger a loss if filled.

Page 3:
FEVER: The number of Fever Points needed to enter Fever Mode. NONE disables Fever Mode
F-MIN TIME: The minimum Fever Mode time credit. You start with this many seconds on the clock and can add to it.
F-MAX TIME: The maximum Fever Mode time credit. When you reach this cap, you cannot add any more time to the clock until you enter Fever Mode.
F-MAP SET: The map set to use in Fever Mode.
F-DISPLAY:
	METER displays a series of circles for Fever Points, with solid circles representing your earned Fever Points and hollow circles representing the number of Fever Points you need to enter Fever Mode.
	COUNT displays "X / Y" where X is your current Fever Point count and Y is the number you need to enter Fever Mode.
F-ADDPOINT: The criteria needed to earn a Fever Point:
	COUNTER: Each chain hit that counters ojama waiting to drop adds a Fever Point.
	CLEAR: Each chain hit that clears an ojama block on the board adds a Fever Point.
	BOTH: Meeting either of the above two criteria adds a Fever Point. Note that meeting both criteria simultaneously only adds one Fever Point, not two.
F-ADDTIME: The criteria needed to add a second of Fever Mode time credit to the clock while not in Fever Mode:
	COUNTER: Each chain hit done by your rival which counters ojama you sent adds to your time.
	ATTACK: Each chain hit done by you which adds to your rival's ojama adds to your time.
F-POWER: Ojama sent in Fever Mode are multiplied by this amount.
ZENKESHI: The reward for completely clearing the board:
	OFF: No reward.
	ON: 30 ojama is added to the value of your next clear.
	FEVER: If you're in Fever Mode, or the chain that ended in the ZENKESHI also activates Fever Mode, your Fever Mode chain gets 2 steps added to it. If you're not in Fever Mode, you get a premade 4-hit chain placed on your board.

Page 4:
SIDE METER: Sets what the meter on the right shows.
	OJAMA: The meter shows the amount of ojama you have waiting to drop.
	FEVER: Outside of Fever Mode, the meter fills as you get Fever Points. In Fever Mode, the meter displays your remaining time.
OUTLINE: Sets the white block outline mode:
	NONE: No outline.
	NORMAL: Outlines the shape of the stack.
	COLOR: Outlines groups of the same color.
SHOW CHAIN: Sets the chain number display below the field.
	OFF: Chain numbers are not displayed at all.
	YELLOW: Chain numbers are yellow for both players.
	PLAYER: Player 1's chains are shown in red, while player 2's chains are shown in blue.
	SIZE: Chains that are less than the MIN CHAIN (and thus do not send ojama) are shown in red, while chains that do send ojama are shown in green.
The remaining options are identical to VS-Battle Mode. No maps are included.
Note: Big Mode cannot be turned on in the current version, since it is still unfinished.